Updates the Readme (#182)
Blackstone-SS13/BLACKSTONE: README.md

# Blackstone

> Blackstone is a fantasy roleplaying game based on the source code for Roguetown, and is inspired by Dungeons & Dragons. The goal of Blackstone is to provide a freeform fantasy roleplay environment with minimal admin intervention, where players are empowered to collectively decide what is and is not acceptable through in-game action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blackstone is a fantasy roleplaying game based on the source code for Roguetown, and is inspired by Table Top Roleplaying Games. The goal of Blackstone is to provide a freeform fantasy roleplay environment with minimal admin intervention, where players are empowered to collectively decide what is and is not acceptable through in-game action.
```

Author: Also make this fix on the wiki then, since this was directly copied and pasted from there

> ### "Ne participes, nec mors sequetur"

Reviewer 2: don't make it big, jus leave it as "Ne participes, nec mors sequetur"

Author: 💀
